<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/52a64cf14009fd59c6000994/train/javascript target="_blank">Holiday Shopping Priority Queue</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><h3 id="happy-holidays-fellow-code-warriors-">Happy Holidays fellow Code Warriors! <br></h3><p>The holidays are just around the corner. You know what that means...Holiday Shopping! I was planning on buying  all you Code Warriors a gift, but I don't know which order to buy them! I have a small shopping list that I'm constantly adding to, and all of the items have a certain priority. What if I use a priority queue?</p><h3 id="holiday-shopping-priority-queue">Holiday Shopping Priority Queue</h3><p>Priority queues are similar to queues, but they add a priority to each data entry, so items with higher priorities (lower integer values) are processed first.</p><p>While I'm running around buying the gifts, I need you to write a few methods for the <code>HolidayPriorityQueue</code> class to help me out. The class needs two methods: <code>addGift</code> and <code>buyGift</code>. For this Kata, all priorities will be unique, so no need to worry about equal priorities.</p><h3 id="method-descriptions">Method descriptions:</h3><p><code>addGift</code> (or enqueue) adds a gift to the priority queue. This method should accept one object (or hash in ruby), which has two properties: <code>gift</code> - the name of the gift, and <code>priority</code> - the priority of the gift, and should return the new length of the queue. All gifts will be in this form.</p><p><code>buyGift</code> (or dequeue) removes the gift with the highest priority from the priority queue, and returns the gifts name (value of the gift property). If the queue is empty, return the empty string <code>''</code></p><h3 id="examples">Examples:</h3><h4 id="javascriptcoffeescript">Javascript/CoffeeScript</h4><pre><code>var giftList = new HolidayPriorityQueue();giftList.addGift( { gift: 'Water gun', priority: 1} );// =&gt; returns 1giftList.addGift( { gift: 'Toy truck', priority: 4 } );// =&gt; returns 2giftList.addGift( { gift: 'Roller Skates', priority: 3 } );// =&gt; returns 3giftList.buyGift();// =&gt; returns 'Water gun'giftList.buyGift();// =&gt; returns 'Roller Skates'giftList.buyGift();// =&gt; returns 'Toy truck'</code></pre><h4 id="ruby">Ruby</h4><pre><code>gift_list = HolidayPriorityQueue.newgift_list.addGift( { 'gift' =&gt; 'Water gun', 'priority' =&gt; 1 } )// =&gt; returns 1gift_list.addGift( { 'gift' =&gt; 'Toy truck', 'priority' =&gt; 4 } )// =&gt; returns 2gift_list.addGift( { 'gift' =&gt; 'Roller Skates', 'priority' =&gt; 3} )// =&gt; returns 3gift_list.buyGift()// =&gt; returns 'Water gun'gift_list.buyGift()// =&gt; returns 'Roller Skates'gift_list.buyGift()// =&gt; returns 'Toy truck'</code></pre><p>Resources for priority queues:<br><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Priority_queue" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Priority_queue</a><br></p>